Jaden: HEY, DOROTHY!
I'LL TAKE SECONDS
ON THE SOUP!
Hassleberry:
AND I'LL TAKE THIRDS
ON THEM LITTLE
SHRIMPY THINGIES!
YOU BOYS!
IF YOU EAT MUCH MORE,
YOU'LL EXPLODE!
PLEASE? WE'VE BOTH
GOT DUELS TODAY.
WE'RE SOLDIERS.
WE CAN'T MARCH INTO BATTLE
ON EMPTY STOMACHS.
[DOOR OPENS]
HOLD ON, GUYS.
IT'S CHAZZ.
NICE TO SEE THIS DUMP
HASN'T CHANGED.
HEY,
COME SIT OVER HERE!
OR DON'T.
IT'S NICE TO SEE
YOU'RE BACK IN BLACK AGAIN.
HERE, HAVE SOME LUNCH.
Chazz: BURNT FISH,
ROTTEN SEAWEED,
RANCID SOUP,
AND SOMETHING
I CAN'T EVEN IDENTIFY?
YOU CALL THIS LUNCH?
IT'S GOOD TO HAVE YOU BACK.
I'LL TAKE
THAT ROTTEN SEAWEED
IF YOU DON'T WANT IT.
AND THE SAME GOES
FOR THAT SOUP.
I'LL THROW IT AWAY
BEFORE GIVING IT TO YOU.
SAY WHAT?
AND THAT
CAN ONLY MEAN
ONE THING.
Jaden:
THE SLIFER RED DORM
IS BACK TO NORMAL,
BABY!
YEE-HAH!
SO WHAT'S WITH THE LITTLE DORK?
HEY, SYRUS!
HELLO!?
HEY, IS EVERYTHING
ALL RIGHT, BRO?
WELL...
YESTERDAY AT MY DORM,
SOME PEOPLE WERE TALKING,
AND THEY SAID...
THEY SAW MY BROTHER
GETTING OFF THE FERRY EARLIER.
SO ZANE'S HERE?!
WELL I'LL BE.
SWEETNESS!
SO THAT MEANS...
I CAN DUEL HIM!
I'M GONNA
GET MY ZANE ON!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
HEY,
WHAT'S THAT NOISE?
IS THAT A SHARK!?
IT'S A SHARK, ALL RIGHT!
WATCH OUT, GIRLS!
All: IT'S ATTICUS!
[GIGGLING]
TAKE A PICTURE, GIRLS!
IT'LL LAST LONGER!
HA HA HA!
[GIRLS ALL TALKING AT ONCE]
THERE HE IS!
LET'S GET HIM!
MY MEDALS ARE WAITING
FOR YOU!
NO, ATTICUS,
TAKE MINE!
[CHUCKLES]
WOW, I'M TOUCHED...
BUT I CAN'T TAKE YOUR MEDALS.
I MEAN, I'VE ALREADY
STOLEN YOUR HEARTS.
AW, HE'S SO SWEET!
IT'S A STAMPEDE!
[GIRLS ALL TALKING AT ONCE]
[CHUCKLE]
THANKS FOR SEEING ME.
MR. RHODES, I'M IN A BIT
OF A QUANDARY,
AND YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
WHO CAN HELP ME.
BUT YOU MUSTN'T TELL A SOUL.
WHAT'S UP?
IT'S YOUR FRIEND ZANE.
HE'S GOTTEN HIMSELF
INTO A HEAP OF TROUBLE.
YOU SEE...
THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT
TRUESDALE YOU NEVER KNEW.
HE IS THE SOLE HEIR TO
AN ANCIENT BIRTHRIGHT
KNOWN AS "THE CYBER LEGACY."
BUT RECENTLY,
HE GOT HIS HANDS
ON A FORBIDDEN DECK
KNOWN AS
"THE UNDERWORLD DECK."
[GRUNT]
I HAVE REASON TO BELIEVE
THAT ZANE TRUESDALE
IS UNDER THE CONTROL
OF AN EVIL FORCE,
AND I CAN'T HELP HIM.
BUT YOU CAN.
AFTER ALL,
YOU'RE NO STRANGER
TO BATTLING INNER DEMONS,
ARE YOU, RHODES?
Sheppard, voice-over:
I PROBABLY DON'T NEED
TO TELL YOU THIS,
BUT IF ZANE GOES TOO FAR,
THE DARK POWERS OF
THE UNDERWORLD DECK
WILL CONSUME HIM ENTIRELY.
IF HE IS TRULY YOUR FRIEND,
THEN DUEL HIM!
AND SAVE HIM FROM
THE UNDERWORLD DECK
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!
[THINKING]
I OWE YOU ONE, ZANE.
YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS TOTALLY
STUCK YOUR NECKS OUT FOR ME...
BACK WHEN I WAS THE ONE
HAVING IDENTITY ISSUES.
ATTACK
THE RED-EYES DRAGONS
AND SPEAR DRAGON
WITH SCIMITAR SLASH!
[YELLING]
NO!
[YELLS]
HMM.
OHH...
ALEXIS.
[GASP]
[ALEXIS SOBBING]
ALEXIS?
IT'S HIM, ZANE.
IT'S HIM.
ATTICUS?!
I THOUGHT I'D LOST HIM,
BUT HE'S BACK.
HE'S FINALLY BACK.
[THINKING]
YOU HELPED BRING ME BACK
FROM THE SHADOWS.
NOW IT'S MY TURN TO DO THAT
FOR YOU.
Zane: ALL RIGHT,
SO YOU DRAGGED ME OUT HERE
TO THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE.
NOW WHAT?
HOW QUICKLY WE FORGET!
THIS IS WHERE
JADEN DUELED AGAINST
NIGHTSHROUD.
I REALIZED
THE ONLY WAY
TO RESCUE YOU
FROM THE SHADOWS
IS TO GO THERE.
I'LL USE THIS DECK TO
ENTER THE DARKNESS.
THEN WE'LL ESCAPE
TOGETHER.
AT LEAST, I HOPE.
ENTERING THE DARKNESS?
SOUNDS LIKE THERE'S STILL
SOME NIGHTSHROUD LEFT IN YOU.
NIGHTSHROUD WILL ALWAYS
BE A PART OF ME.
BUT NOW...
I'M IN CONTROL.
HUH.
WHAT ARE YOU SUGGESTING?
THAT I'M NOT IN CONTROL?
I COULDN'T DISAGREE
WITH YOU MORE!
I'M IN COMPLETE CONTROL!
BUT YOU'RE ABOUT TO
SEE THAT FOR YOURSELF!
GAME ON!
ALL RIGHT, ZANE!
I'LL START...
WITH THIS!
COME OUT...
RED EYES BLACK CHICK!
NOW CHECK OUT
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY!
IF I SEND IT
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN PLAY
MY RED-EYES
BLACK DRAGON!
NEXT I PLAY...
INFERNO FIRE BLAST!
SO THAT MEANS,
IF I DON'T
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY
WITH RED-EYES BLACK
DRAGON,
YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL TO
HIS ATTACK POINTS!
HEY, RED-EYES!
SHOW 'IM WHATCHA GOT!
I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN...
AND LET YOU GO.
YOU JUST MANAGED
TO PULL OFF
A PRETTY POWERFUL
COMBINATION THERE.
IT MAKES YA THINK,
COULD YOU HAVE DONE THAT...
BY YOURSELF?
I MEAN...
WITHOUT NIGHTSHROUD'S HELP?
LIKE I SAID, HE'S GONE.
AND I WON'T BE
CONTROLLED.
SOMETHING WRONG?
JUST WAIT!
I PLAY...
MY CYBER DARK HORN!
[THINKING]
I'VE NEVER
SEEN THAT BEFORE!
NOW I CAN TAKE ONE DRAGON
THAT'S LEVEL 4 OR BELOW
AND REMOVE IT FROM
EITHER OF OUR GRAVEYARDS!
THEN I CAN ADD IT
TO MY CYBER DARK HORN
SO I CAN DRAIN
ITS ATTACK POINTS!
AND I THINK I'LL TAKE
YOUR RED-EYES BLACK CHICK!
EVERY OUNCE OF ENERGY
YOUR MONSTER HAD
IS ABOUT TO GET TRANSFERRED
TO A REAL MONSTER!
AND THEN, IF ITS TARGET
IS IN DEFENSE MODE
AND HAS FEWER POINTS
THAN CYBER DARK HORN,
THEN THE DIFFERENCE
IS DEALT TO YOU AS DAMAGE.
[GRUNT]
THEN, FROM MY HAND,
I ACTIVATE...
THE SPELL CARD MEGAMORPH!
WHEN I HAVE FEWER
LIFE POINTS THAN YOU,
THIS CARD DOUBLES
THE ORIGINAL ATTACK POINTS
OF ONE OF MY MONSTERS!
NOW ITS STRENGTH
IS EQUAL TO MY DRAGON'S!
ACTUALLY, MINE
HAS A SLIGHT ADVANTAGE.
YA SEE, IF I SACRIFICE
YOUR LITTLE CHICK,
IT CAN'T BE DESTROYED
IN BATTLE.
NOW, CYBER HORN,
ATTACK HIS RED-EYES
WITH DARK SPEAR!
I REVEAL MY TRAP!
NEGATE ATTACK!
I'LL PLACE THIS
FACEDOWN.
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE SAFE
FOR NOW.
STILL IN CONTROL,
ATTICUS?
OR ARE THE SHADOWS
STARTING TO TAKE OVER
YOUR MIND?
SEE FOR YOURSELF.
MY MOVE!
[NIGHTSHROUD LAUGHING]
YOU CAN'T HIDE FROM ME,
ATTICUS.
YOU AND I
ARE ONE AND THE SAME.
EMBRACE THE DARKNESS.
[GRUNT]
ALL RIGHT!
TIME TO BRING MY A-GAME!
LATER, PAL!
I SUMMON RED-EYES
DARKNESS DRAGON!
[NIGHTSHROUD LAUGHING]
A WISE CHOICE!
[THUNDER]
IT WAS ONLY
A MATTER OF TIME!
HA HA!
AND THAT'S GAME!
I'LL TAKE
THOSE MEDALS TO GO!
NO WAY.
IT'S RED-EYES
DARKNESS DRAGON!
Syrus: JADEN!
DID'JA HEAR!?
ATTICUS IS DUELING
MY BROTHER
RIGHT NOW!
SO ZANE'S HERE?
10-4, SARGE.
BUT WHY'S HE DUELING
ATTICUS?
HOLD ON!
SEE THAT MONSTER?
YEAH!
IT'S THE SAME ONE
ATTICUS USED.
YA KNOW,
BACK WHEN HE WAS,
WELL...
HAVING ISSUES.
LET'S GO!
WE DON'T HAVE MUCH TIME!
SINCE I SENT
MY RED-EYES BLACK DRAGON
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
MY RED-EYES
DARKNESS DRAGON
GAINS 300 POINTS!
CYBER DARK HORN
IS GOING DOWN!
DARKNESS DRAGON,
ATTACK NOW!
INFERNO DARKFIRE!
[GRUNTS]
MY CYBER DARK HORN
IS UNHARMED.
HE USED YOUR RED-EYES
BLACK CHICK AS A SHIELD.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
DON'T BE.
SINCE MY MONSTER WAS SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD AGAIN,
DARKNESS DRAGON GAINS
300 MORE ATTACK POINTS,
FOR A GRAND TOTAL
OF 3,000!
NEXT I PLAY...
A SPELL CARD!
IT'S CALLED
SUPER REJUVENATION.
NOW, FOR EVERY DRAGON
THAT I SACRIFICE,
I GET A CARD.
[NIGHTSHROUD LAUGHING]
[GRUNT]
I ASSUME YOU'RE FINISHED.
SO I CHANGE
CYBER DARK HORN
TO DEFENSE MODE.
THEN I'LL PLAY...
CYBER DARK EDGE
IN ATTACK MODE!
JUST LIKE DARK HORN,
WHEN IT'S PLAYED,
DARK EDGE
CAN GO GRAVE-ROBBING
AND THEN FEED ON
ITS VICTIM'S ATTACK POINTS.
SO I'LL BE TAKING
RED-EYES BLACK CHICK AGAIN!
AND WITH THAT
LITTLE SCRUB
BACK ON THE FIELD,
YOUR DARKNESS DRAGON
LOSES 300 POINTS!
NOW DARK EDGE'S
SPECIAL EFFECT ACTIVATES!
BY DIVIDING ITS OWN
ATTACK POINTS IN HALF,
IT ATTACKS DIRECTLY!
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
YOU'LL PAY FOR THAT!
MARK MY WORDS!
PERFECT!
NOW I ACTIVATE...
DRAGON HEART!
FOR THIS TURN,
I CAN'T SUMMON A MONSTER
TO THE FIELD,
BUT I CAN DO THIS!
SELECT 3 DRAGONS
FROM MY DECK
AND SEND THEM
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
INCREASING
DARKNESS DRAGON'S STRENGTH
BY A THOUSAND POINTS!
BUT WAIT!
SINCE 3 MORE DRAGON CARDS
ARE NOW IN MY GRAVEYARD,
DARKNESS DRAGON
GAINS ANOTHER 900 POINTS!
NOW, THAT'S
WHAT I CALL POWER!
[SCREAMING]
HELP ME!
THE SHADOWS
ARE TOO STRONG.
THEY'RE TAKING OVER!
[THINKING]
BUT THIS MAY BE
THE ONLY WAY
TO SAVE ZANE.
IF HIS MIND IS CLOUDED
BY DARKNESS,
I MAY BE ABLE TO
BREAK THROUGH TO HIM
IF I'M IN THE SHADOWS
WITH HIM!
WELL, THERE'S ONLY
ONE WAY TO FIND OUT!
SAY GOOD-BYE
TO YOUR DARK EDGE!
DARKNESS DRAGON,
ATTACK NOW!!
Syrus: LOOK, GUYS!
[ALL GASP]
Syrus:
THERE'S MY BROTHER!
POOR GUY.
JUST WAIT!
INFERNO DARKFIRE!
EVEN THOUGH
YOUR DARK EDGE
WASN'T DESTROYED--
THANKS TO MY MONSTER--
I'M AFRAID YOU STILL
LOSE 3,000 POINTS!
MIGHT WANNA
CHECK YOUR MATH.
'CAUSE I PLAY THIS!
AND I TOSS OUT
MOST OF MY DECK!
[GASP]
[GASPING]
WHAT'D HE PLAY?
IT'S CALLED POWER WALL.
I CAN ACTIVATE IT
WHEN A MONSTER
THREATENS MY LIFE POINTS.
THEN, FOR EACH CARD
I SCRAP,
POWER WALL DECREASES
MY BATTLE DAMAGE
BY A HUNDRED POINTS.
AND SINCE I DISCARDED
30 CARDS,
I GET TO KEEP THE 3,000 POINTS
YOU TRIED TO TAKE AWAY!
BUT YOU...I MEAN...
YOU TREATED YOUR CARDS
LIKE TRASH!
WHY, ZANE?
IN THE OLD DAYS,
YOU RESPECTED
THE CARDS IN YOUR DECK.
I GUESS I CAN'T GET
THROUGH TO YOU AT ALL.
Nightshroud:
NOT WITHOUT MY HELP!
ATTICUS HAS LEFT THE BUILDING!
BUT NOT TO WORRY.
NIGHTSHROUD IS HERE.
[ALL GASP]
I'LL START
WITH DRAGON-FIRE!
THANKS TO THIS SPELL,
ONE FACE-UP MONSTER
WITH 800 DEFENSE POINTS
OR LESS GETS VANQUISHED!
SO YOUR CYBER DARK EDGE
IS NO MORE!
I THINK
YOU'VE SUFFERED ENOUGH.
WITH ONLY 3 CARDS
LEFT IN YOUR DECK,
THERE'S NOT MUCH
YOU CAN DO, ANYWAY.
YOU'D BE SURPRISED,
NIGHTSHROUD.
I REVEAL MY TRAP!
IT'S CALL OF THE HAUNTED!
WITH THIS,
I BRING CYBER DARK EDGE
BACK FROM THE GRAVE!
THAT WAS POINTLESS.
IT WON'T STAND A CHANCE
AGAINST MY DARKNESS DRAGON.
I'M NOT DONE JUST YET!
I PLAY CYBER DARK KEEL.
WHAT?! YOU'VE GOT
ANOTHER MONSTER?
AND NEXT,
I THINK I'LL PLAY...
POLYMERIZATION!
NOW I CAN FUSE
MY CYBER DARK KEEL,
CYBER DARK HORN,
AND CYBER DARK EDGE!
AWESOME!
NO WAY!
SAY HELLO
TO CYBER DARK DRAGON!
TAKES MORE THAN THAT
TO IMPRESS ME!
THAT THING'S TOO WEAK.
YOU'RE FORGETTING
TWO IMPORTANT WORDS:
SPECIAL EFFECT!
WHEN IT'S PLAYED,
IT STEALS A MONSTER
FROM ONE OF OUR GRAVEYARDS.
AFTER THAT,
IT ABSORBS EVERY ONE OF THAT
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS!
SO HAND OVER YOUR RED-EYES!
HUH?
NOW YOUR DARKNESS DRAGON
LOSES 300 POINTS.
ALL THAT WORK,
AND MY DRAGON'S STILL
STRONGER THAN YOURS.
BUT MINE HAS ONE
SPECIAL ABILITY LEFT.
FOR EVERY SINGLE CARD
THAT'S IN MY GRAVEYARD,
CYBER DARK DRAGON
GETS A HUNDRED POINTS!
IT WHAT?
I HAVE 37 CARDS
IN MY GRAVE!
GO FIGURE.
SO THAT'S WHY
HE TRASHED
ALL HIS CARDS!
BUT STILL...
HE DIDN'T NEED ALL THOSE POINTS
TO BEAT ATTICUS!
HE'S JUST SHOWING OFF!
THAT'S JUST...NOT LIKE ZANE.
AND SO, WITH 37 CARDS
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
CYBER DARK DRAGON
GAINS 3,700 POINTS!
IT HAS OVER 7,000?
EXACTLY.
THAT'S THE POWER OF
THE UNDERWORLD DECK!
CYBER DARK DRAGON,
DESTROY HIS DARKNESS DRAGON!
[GRUNTING]
IT'S OVER, NIGHTSHROUD!
YOUR SHADOW MAGIC IS NOTHING
COMPARED TO MY POWER!
ZANE, YOU DID IT!
YOU DEFEATED
THE DARKNESS.
DOES THIS MEAN
YOU'RE BACK!?
NO! THE ZANE YOU KNEW
IS LONG GONE,
AND HE'S NEVER COMING BACK!
HOLD ON.
SO YOUR MIND IS STILL
UNDER THE CONTROL
OF THE SHADOWS?
I'M NOT BEING BRAINWASHED!
I JUST FIGURED OUT THE TRUTH,
THAT'S ALL.
YEAH?
SO WHAT'S THE TRUTH?
ALL THAT MATTERS IN LIFE
IS VICTORY!
COME ON.
YOU DON'T REALLY BELIEVE
THAT, ZANE, DO YOU?
I'M NOT PLAYING GAMES,
ATTICUS!
[YELLING]
[GASP]
ZANE! HOW DID THIS
HAPPEN TO YOU?!
ATTICUS!
YOU ALL RIGHT,
SOLDIER!?
Jaden: HEY, ATTICUS!
Hassleberry:
WHERE'D YOUR FUNNY
LITTLE MASK GO!?
YOU'RE NOT, UM...?
DON'T WORRY.
NIGHTSHROUD
IS GONE FOR GOOD.
HMM.
[THINKING]
SOMETHING'S GOTTA BE MESSING
WITH ZANE'S HEAD.
PEOPLE DON'T JUST FORGET
EVERYTHING THEY BELIEVE IN.
I'M NOT GIVING UP
ON YOU, ZANE.
HEY, ZANE!
GOOD JOB.
GUESS THIS GX MEDAL'S
YOURS.
Zane: I COULD CARE LESS
ABOUT THESE WORTHLESS THINGS.
YOU SEE, ALL THAT MATTERS
TO ME IS VICTORY.
SO, THEN...
DOES THAT MEAN
I CAN KEEP THE MEDAL?
[THINKING]
ZANE, I'M GONNA DUEL YOU,
AND I'M GONNA WIN!
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪